Okay, so we're more than halfway done here.
So in this video, we'll cover step five
of updating the template text in the HTML page.
And let's go ahead and move
over to our order-history.component.html.
And so this is the fun part.
So this is where we build the HTML page, the HTML view,
we did a lot of the backend behind the scenes work.
Now let's kind of make everything look pretty.
So I'll just remove any existing code we have here
in this HTML page,
and I'll set up some of my divs.
Okay, so now that our divs are in place,
we're actually going to build an HTML table
to display the orders.
So we'll have a header first and then the actual table
along with this headings and actual contents.
So we'll start here with the first header,
h3, your orders,
then we'll check to see
if the orderhistory.length is greater than zero.
Just to see if we have data to display
and then I'll go through and set up my table,
go through and set up the table headings here,
the first table heading of order tracking number.
I'll just kind of copy paste that X number of times,
make some slight changes here on the web
and also make some updates here on the headings,
the total price,
total quantity, and also for date.
Okay, great.
So that's the table headers there in place.
Now let's go ahead and move in
and let's write the code to loop over
our order history list.
So do the ngFor,
let tempOrderhistory of order history list.
And remember, order history list is defined
as a field in our order history component class.
And we created that class in some of the previous videos.
Now let's go through and display the data.
So I'll have tempOrderHistory.orderTrackingNumber.
And then I'll go ahead and copy this section
of code and paste it, X number of times for the other items.
So I'll change this to total price,
and I'll send it through my currency pipe.
I'll update this item to total quantity,
and then finally, this'll be the date created
and I'll send this through the date pipe
using the medium format.
Alrighty, so all of that coding is in place
and this all looks pretty good.
Alrighty, so I also want to handle
for the case where there's no orders.
So if the order history is empty,
then let's display a message.
So I'll set up this div,
then I'll make use of this ngIf orderHistory.lenghth
equals zero,
I'll go ahead and add my CSS styles
for alerts and also set the role.
And then the main item here is displaying the message,
no orders found.
And so now, kind of scroll back up and take a look
at everything and it's all looks pretty good.
So this is the coding in place
that will actually display our table of orders,
the order history.
Alrighty, this looks really good.
I like it.